## a11y label

- Instructions on what the user should do/perform

## a11y role types

https://reactnative.dev/docs/accessibility#accessibilityrole

- `adjustable`: Used when an element can be "adjusted" (e.g. a slider).
- `alert`: Used when an element contains important text to be presented to the user.
- `button`: Used when the element should be treated as a button.
- `checkbox`: Used when an element represents a checkbox which can be checked, unchecked, or have mixed checked state.
- `combobox`: Used when an element represents a combo box, which allows the user to select among several choices.
- `header`: Used when an element acts as a header for a content section (e.g. the title of a navigation bar).
- `image`: Used when the element should be treated as an image. Can be combined with button or link, for example.
- `imagebutton`: Used when the element should be treated as a button and is also an image.
- `keyboardkey`: Used when the element acts as a keyboard key.
- `link`: Used when the element should be treated as a link.
- `menu`: Used when the component is a menu of choices.
- `menubar`: Used when a component is a container of multiple menus.
- `menuitem`: Used to represent an item within a menu.
- `none`: Used when the element has no role.
- `progressbar`: Used to represent a component which indicates progress of a task.
- `radio`: Used to represent a radio button.
- `radiogroup`: Used to represent a group of radio buttons.
- `scrollbar`: Used to represent a scroll bar.
- `search`: Used when the text field element should also be treated as a search field.
- `spinbutton`: Used to represent a button which opens a list of choices.
- `summary`: Used when an element can be used to provide a quick summary of current conditions in the app when the app first launches.
- `switch`: Used to represent a switch which can be turned on and off.
- `tab`: Used to represent a tab.
- `tablist`: Used to represent a list of tabs.
- `text`: Used when the element should be treated as static text that cannot change.
- `timer`: Used to represent a timer.
- `togglebutton`: Used to represent a toggle button. Should be used with accessibilityState checked to indicate if the button is toggled on or off.
- `toolbar`: Used to represent a tool bar (a container of action buttons or components).
- `grid`: Used with ScrollView, VirtualizedList, FlatList, or SectionList to represent a grid. Adds the in/out of grid announcements to the android - GridView.
